Scaffold app (#11)
developmentseed/observe-dashboard: README.md

# Observe Dashboard

> A dashboard to browse and manage Observe platform data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dashboard to browse and manage data from the [Observe](https://github.com/developmentseed/observe) mobile mapping application.
```
